{% raw %}<table class="grid">
 <tr><td><b>Code</b></td><td><b>Value Types</b></td><td><b>Definition</b></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-age-extension.html">uds-plus-age-extension</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Quantity" title="Quantity">Quantity</a></td><td>Indicates the age of the patient at a specific time</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-birthsex-extension.html">uds-plus-birthsex-extension</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#code" title="code">code</a></td><td>Indicates the birth sex of the patient</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-capitated-member-months-extension.html">uds-plus-capitated-member-months-extension</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Quantity" title="Quantity">Quantity</a></td><td>Indicates the number of capitated member months of the patient for the reporting year</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-ethnicity-extension.html">uds-plus-ethnicity-extension</a></td><td></td><td>Indicates the ethnicity of the patient.</td></tr>
 <tr><td>&nbsp;&nbsp;ombCategory</td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Coding" title="Coding">Coding</a></td><td>The 2 ethnicity category codes according to the [OMB Standards for Maintaining, Collecting, and Presenting Federal Data on Race and Ethnicity, Statistical Policy Directive No. 15, as revised, October 30, 1997](https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/FR-1997-10-30/pdf/97-28653.pdf).</td></tr>
 <tr><td>&nbsp;&nbsp;detailed</td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Coding" title="Coding">Coding</a></td><td>An Extension</td></tr>
 <tr><td>&nbsp;&nbsp;text</td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#string" title="string">string</a></td><td>Plain text representation of the ethnicity concept(s).</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-feeforservice-member-months-extension.html">uds-plus-feeforservice-member-months-extension</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Quantity" title="Quantity">Quantity</a></td><td>Indicates the number of FeeForService member months of the patient for the reporting year</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-gender-identity-extension.html">uds-plus-gender-identity-extension</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#CodeableConcept" title="CodeableConcept">CodeableConcept</a></td><td>Indicates the gender identity of the patient at a specific time</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-housing-status-extension.html">uds-plus-housing-status-extension</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#code" title="code">code</a></td><td>Indicates the housing status of the patient at a specific time</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-race-extension.html">uds-plus-race-extension</a></td><td></td><td>Indicates the race of the patient.</td></tr>
 <tr><td>&nbsp;&nbsp;ombCategory</td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Coding" title="Coding">Coding</a></td><td>The 5 race category codes according to the [OMB Standards for Maintaining, Collecting, and Presenting Federal Data on Race and Ethnicity, Statistical Policy Directive No. 15, as revised, October 30, 1997](https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/FR-1997-10-30/pdf/97-28653.pdf).</td></tr>
 <tr><td>&nbsp;&nbsp;detailed</td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#Coding" title="Coding">Coding</a></td><td>An Extension</td></tr>
 <tr><td>&nbsp;&nbsp;text</td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#string" title="string">string</a></td><td>Plain text representation of the race concept(s).</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-recordedDate-extension.html">uds-plus-recordedDate-extension</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#dateTime" title="dateTime">dateTime</a></td><td>Indicates the recorded date of a clinical event</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-veteran-status-extension.html">uds-plus-veteran-status-extension</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#boolean" title="boolean">boolean</a></td><td>Indicates the Veteran status of the patient.</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-udsplus-agriculture-worker-status.html">udsplus-agriculture-worker-status</a></td><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/datatypes.html#code" title="code">code</a></td><td>Indicates the agriculture worker status of the patient at a specific time</td></tr>
</table>
{% endraw %}