{% raw %} <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-de-identified-uds-plus-income-observation.json.html">De-Identified UDS Plus Income</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the Observation resource and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing Income ranges for UDS+ program.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-de-identified-uds-plus-patient.json.html">De-Identified UDS Plus Patient</a> </td><td><p>This Patient profile represents a Patient availing HRSA services.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-de-identified-uds-plus-relatedperson.json.html">De-Identified UDS Plus RelatedPerson</a> </td><td><p>This Patient profile represents a RelatedPerson of a Patient availing HRSA services.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-adverseevent.json.html">De-Identified UDS Plus AdverseEvent</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the AdverseEvent resource and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing Allergies and Intolerances for UDS+ program.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-age-extension.json.html">UDS Plus Age Extension</a> </td><td><p>Indicates the age of the patient at a specific time</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-allergyintolerance.json.html">De-Identified UDS Plus AllergyIntolerance</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the AllergyIntolerance resource and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing Allergies and Intolerances for UDS+ program.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-birthsex-extension.json.html">UDS Plus Birth Sex Extension</a> </td><td><p>Indicates the birth sex of the patient</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-capitated-member-months-extension.json.html">UDS Plus Capitated Member Months Extension</a> </td><td><p>Indicates the number of capitated member months of the patient for the reporting year</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-clinical-result-observation.json.html">De-Identified UDS Plus Clinical Result Observation</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the Observation resource and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing clinical result observations for UDS+ program.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-coverage.json.html">DeIdentified UDS Plus Coverage</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing Coverage for UDS+ program.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-deidentify-operation-data-urls-parameter.json.html">UDS Plus DeIdentify Data Urls Parameter</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the **Parameters FHIR Resource and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing the data for sending input and receiving output for the DeIdentify operation of UDS+ .</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-diagnosis.json.html">De-Identified UDS Plus Diagnosis</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the Condition resource and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing Diagnosis for UDS+ program.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-encounter.json.html">De-Identified UDS Plus Encounter</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the Encounter resource and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing encounters,visit information for UDS+ program.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-ethnicity-extension.json.html">UDS Plus Ethnicity Extension</a> </td><td><p>Indicates the ethnicity of the patient.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-feeforservice-member-months-extension.json.html">UDS Plus FeeForService Member Months Extension</a> </td><td><p>Indicates the number of FeeForService member months of the patient for the reporting year</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-gender-identity-extension.json.html">UDS Plus Gender Identity Extension</a> </td><td><p>Indicates the gender identity of the patient at a specific time</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-housing-status-extension.json.html">UDS Plus Housing Status Extension</a> </td><td><p>Indicates the housing status of the patient at a specific time</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-immunization.json.html">De-Identified UDS Plus Immunization</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the Immunization resource and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing immunizations for UDS+ program.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-import-manifest.json.html">UDS Plus Import Manifest</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the **Parameters FHIR Resource and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing the Manifest for UDS+ import FHIR Operations.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-lab-observation.json.html">De-Identified UDS Plus Lab Observation</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the Observation resource and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing lab observations for UDS+ program.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-location.json.html">UDS Plus Location</a> </td><td><p>Indicates the location where the care was provided</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-medicationrequest.json.html">De-Identified UDS Plus MedicationRequest</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the MedicationRequest resource and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing MedicationRequest for UDS+ program.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-medicationstatement.json.html">De-Identified UDS Plus MedicationStatement</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the MedicationStatement resource and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing MedicationStatement for UDS+ program.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-observation.json.html">De-Identified UDS Plus Observation</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the Observation resource and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing assessments, vitals and other social history observations for UDS+ program.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-patient-reporting-parameters.json.html">UDS Plus Patient Reporting Parameters</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the **Parameters FHIR Resource and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing the Patients and if they are counted for the various reports.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-procedure.json.html">De-Identified UDS Plus Procedure</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the Procedure resource and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing procedures for UDS+ program.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-race-extension.json.html">UDS Plus Race Extension</a> </td><td><p>Indicates the race of the patient.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-recordedDate-extension.json.html">UDS Plus RecordedDate Extension</a> </td><td><p>Indicates the recorded date of a clinical event</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-servicerequest.json.html">De-Identified UDS Plus ServiceRequest</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the ServiceRequest resource and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing ServiceRequest for UDS+ program.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-sexual-orientation-observation.json.html">De-Identified UDS Plus Sexual Orientation</a> </td><td><p>The UDS+ profile is based on the **US Core Sexual Orientation Observation profile and establishes the core elements, extensions, vocabularies and value sets for representing Sexual Orientation for UDS+ program.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-uds-plus-veteran-status-extension.json.html">UDS Plus Veteran Status Extension</a> </td><td><p>Indicates the Veteran status of the patient.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-udsplus-agriculture-worker-status.json.html">UDS Plus Agriculture Worker Status Extension</a> </td><td><p>Indicates the agriculture worker status of the patient at a specific time</p>
</td></tr>
{% endraw %}